java Spring
There are a lot of tools that come with the Spring framework and allows us to reap the benefit of the out of box solutions. We do not require to write thousands of lines of code. It saves both time and energy. Let's discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the Spring framework.

Spring Pros
There are the following advantages of the Spring framework:

Light Weight: Spring is a lightweight framework because of its POJO implementation. It does not force the programmer to inherit any class and implement any interface. With the help of Spring, we can enable powerful, scalable applications using POJOs (Plain Old Java Object).
Flexible: It provides flexible libraries trusted by developers all over the world. The developer can choose either XML or Java-based annotations for configuration options. The IoC and DI features provide the foundation for a wide-ranging set of features and functionality. It makes the job simpler.
Loose Coupling: Spring applications are loosely coupled because of dependency injection. It handles injecting dependent components without a component knowing where they came from.
Powerful Abstraction: It provides a powerful abstraction to JEE specifications such as JMS, JDBC, JPA, and JTA.
Declarative Support: It provides declarative support for caching, validation, transaction, and formatting.
Portable: We can use server-side in web/EJB app, client-side in swing app business logic is completely portable.
Cross-cutting behavior: Resource management is a cross-cutting concern, easy to copy and paste everywhere.
Configuration: It provides a consistent way of configuring everything, separate configuration from application logic, varying configuration.
Lifecycle: Responsible for managing all your application components, particularly those in middle-tier container sees components through well-defined lifecycle: init(), destroy().
Dependency Injection: The use of dependency injection makes the easy development of JavaEE.
Easier Testing: The use of dependency injection makes the testing easy. The spring framework does not require a server while the EJB and Struts application requires a server.
Fast: The team of Spring engineers deeply cares about the performance. Its fast startup, fast shutdown, and optimized execution maintain performance make it fast. Even, we can start a new Spring project in seconds by using Spring Initializr.
Secure: It monitors third-party dependencies closely. The regular update is issued that make our data and application secure. We can make our application secure by using the Spring Security framework. It provides industry-standard security schemes and delivers a trustworthy solution that is secure by default.
Supportive: The Spring community provides support and resources to get you to the next level QuickStart guides, tutorials, videos, and meetup helps a lot.
Productive: It is more productive because the spring application can integrate with other Spring-based applications. For